OSDOCS-4099: Console customer happiness (#53386)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-12-release-notes.adoc

With this release, there are several updates to the *Administrator* perspective of the web console.

* The {product-title} web console displays a `ConsoleNotification` if the cluster is upgrading. Once the upgrade is done, the notification is removed.

> * A *_restart rollout_* option for the Deployment resource and a *_retry rollouts_* option for the `DeploymentConfig` resource are available on both the *Action* and *Kebab* menu.

Reviewer: Just a question on this - should "Deployment" be formatted as `Deployment` since it's a proper noun/object?

Author: Yes it should! I thought I added them (might have deleted by mistake.) Thanks!

> * A *_restart rollout_* option for the Deployment resource and a *_retry rollouts_* option for the `DeploymentConfig` resource are available on both the *Action* and *Kebab* menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A *_restart rollout_* option for the Deployment resource and a *_retry rollouts_* option for the `DeploymentConfig` resource are available on the *Action* and *Kebab* menus.
```
minimalism suggestion

> * A *_restart rollout_* option for the deployment resource and a *_retry rollouts_* option for the `DeploymentConfig` custom resource (CR) are available on both the *Action* and *Kebab* menu.

Reviewer 2: DeploymentConfig is not an CRD, so it can have CRs

```suggestion
* A *_restart rollout_* option for the Deployment resource and a *_retry rollouts_* option for the `DeploymentConfig` resource are available on both the *Action* and *Kebab* menu.
```

Author: Updated. Thank you!
